Paris, France-
Paris is considered to be one of the Fashion Capitals of the World and so it is not unexpected to see that most major Fashion Brands have been set up in Paris. Brands such as Chanel, Louis Vuitton, Dior, Lacroix which have originated in Paris have taken the world by storm as they have become the new ambassadors of the Fashion World. Paris, like many other International Fashion Capitals, hosts a bi-annual Fashion Week in which a stunning display of the latest fashion trends is displayed. 
Fashion brands that have originated in Paris, have risen to the top over the years. 

One of the most important of these is Chanel which is a luxury brand of high fashion ready-made, luxury clothing and accessories. Gabrielle Bonheur Chanel, also known as Coco Chanel founded this brand in the hopes to provide luxury and highly fashionable clothing to women all around the world. Over the years, Chanel became exceedingly famous for its best-selling perfume Chanel No. 5. This brand now has two branches: Fashion and Beauty. Their fashion products include clothing, which consists of fabulous dresses, jackets, blouses, skirts, swimwear and any other article of clothing that would definitely add some essence to your wardrobe. Under the fashion section we also have accessories such as handbags, wallets, belts, scarves, gloves and even hair accessories. High end jewelry with real gold, silver and precious jewels as well as eyewear are other important aspects of the Chanel fashion line. Under their beauty line they have moisturizers and skin treatments for their glorious skin care line. Chanel also has a marvelous makeup and perfume division which has in turn become the essence of the company. The way that this wonderful brand has attracted global attention to all it's different aspects such as clothing, accessories, skin care and beauty, makes us see that it is so much more than a mere fashion brand. To some, it is a culture, a way of life, a lifestyle and now, it can truly be associated with as a lifestyle brand as it caters to almost all aspects of fashion and products of Chanel are found worldwide from the West to the East.

Another brand that originated in Paris and has now been transformed into a lifestyle of its own is Louis Vuitton. This brand originated as a fashion brand that introduced the world to the Steamer Bag which was a smaller bag to be kept inside larger Louis Vuitton trunks. It was a revolutionary moment in fashion history when the founder Louis Vuitton created the Steamer Bag but the company has grown many fold since then and has expanded from their primary accessory to a multi-million dollar luxury brand that manufactures handbags, wallets, trunks, clothes, shoes, watches, jewelry and other accessories. Since the beginning of the company in the 19th century, till now, all the bags are made by hand. This is the reason for their perfect finish and also the reason for the luxury brand to have emerged as one of the best in the market for bags. Many of their handbags such as the Speedy Bag and Neverfull Bag are truly iconic and each season Louis Vuitton makes limited edition bags that can be bought on order from their bigger showrooms. Since each bag is handcrafted, some of the larger ones may take upto fifteen hours to make. Since the 19th century, this brand has really expanded its roots and now has outlets in almost all major cities in the world and has earned the distinction of being known as a lifestyle brand as it caters to many aspects of people's life. 

Dior founded in 1946 by Christian Dior started the haute couture line which made customized clothing for each of its clients. Although they still specialize in this aspect, the brand has expanded its horizons by taking on the manufacturing of footwear, fashion accessories, jewelry, perfume, and makeup and skin care products. Traditionally, Dior only specialized in women's clothing but over the years they expanded and have started the Dior Homme division for men and the Baby Dior division for children's clothing. Today, Dior's makeup and beauty line is one of the most successful in the world and not surprisingly, the Dior beauty products are among the most sold products by the company. This brand still makes haute couture clothing and has fashion shows to display the art of haute couture but their best selling products are most definitely their beauty products. This expansion by the company and their endeavor to expand their line has definitely led them to becoming a worldwide lifestyle brand. Their products are marketed all over the world and have been inculcated as part of luxury lifestyle worldwide.

