Milan, Italy-
Milan grew in the 20th century to become one of the most important fashion capitals of the modern world. It became the birthplace of many brands such as Versace, Prada, Gucci, Armani, Dolce and Gabbana. Milan hosts a magnificent fashion week each year to showcase the new arrivals of all the brands that have originated there. The most wonderfully amusing part is that there are so many novel brands that have been created here that it is sometimes hard to keep track of them all.

Versace which is one of the leading brands in both Milan as well as the rest of the world was founded by Gianni Versace in 1978 as a luxury brand that made ready-to-wear clothes and leather accessories. It is one of the few brands that can create flashy, colorful clothes while keeping them sophisticated and classy. Versace's logo is that of the head of Medusa which is symbolic to the fact that once you look at Medusa and fall in love, there is no way to go back and in the same way, once you begin using Versace products, it is hard to stop as you fall in love with them. This company began as a manufacturer of only luxury clothing but now they make products of all kinds; from bags to shoes, from jewelry to perfume, from belts to hats and gloves, Versace makes all kinds of products which can be used by both men and women. This aspect of the brand truly transforms it from a typical luxury fashion brand to a lifestyle brand that has been adopted by people all over the world.

One of the leading brands over the world for women's handbags is Prada which began in 1913 when it was founded by Mario Prada. Today they have numerous official boutiques all over the world including Dubai, New York, Tokyo, Los Angeles and China. This phenomenal brand has truly transformed over the years and become a worldwide sensation as it grew from being a brand focused on handbags and travel accessories to a brand that now uses its uniqueness and creativity to make clothes of all types such as dresses, jackets, skirts, t-shirts as well as other denim and leather apparel. It manufactures not only high-end, luxury clothing but also has different lines of luxury eyewear, fragrances, watches, shoes and accessories such as wallets, belts, hats, scarves and much more. Prada was one of the only brands to do a collaboration with the South Korean brand LG Electronics to create a mobile phone in 2007 which was a part of their exclusive line. Three versions of the mobile phone were created and are still functional to this day. All this proves the fact that Prada has definitely grown over the last few decades and re-created itself as a brand worthy to be called a lifestyle brand. This brand has been used as a reference in many movies including the 2006 movie, The Devil Wears Prada, where most of Meryl Streep's shoes throughout the movie were said to be from Prada's collection of shoes. This shows that Prada has made a name for itself in the fashion industry and has definitely earned the reputation of being called a lifestyle brand.

Gucci was founded in 1921 by Guccio Gucci as an Italian luxury brand which manufactured leather goods. It is now the highest selling Italian brand and one of the most renowned brands for leather shoes, bags and accessories. Their products are supposed to be made of 100% pure Italian leather and have the best quality and finish. In recent years, Gucci has contributed to creating clothing lines for both men and women which consist of high quality, luxury apparel. The company makes dresses, skirts and blouses, sweaters, pants, active wear and lingerie among other things for women and they make coats, jackets, suits and blazers, shirts, sweaters, t-shirts and polo shirts for men. Gucci also has a line for children of 4-12 years in which they make clothing apparel such as t-shirts, skirts, pants and dresses. They also have a special 'Back To School' line for the children. Other than clothing apparel Gucci also makes jewelry such as necklaces, rings and earrings for women and has a collection of watches for both men and women. They also have a Beauty line in which they sell makeup, fragrances and other high quality beautifying products. This brand even has a collection for home decor in which they sell mugs, home scents, vases, cushions and many other items. Gucci has definitely grown from the basics of making only leather shoes and bags to a multi-billion dollar company which has outlets all over the world. This brand has transformed itself to a global lifestyle brand which is being used by people who want to live lives of luxury and style.

