Persia-
Iran, formerly known as Persia, is one of the up-and-coming fashion hubs of the world. This fashion center may not be as famous as Paris, Milan or USA but it is certainly in the mix and rising rapidly to the top. The innovative and fresh design ideas are making the Iranian fashion market one of the best in the world. Many brands in Iran deserve our attention and praise such as Foje, Geodie, Artman, Azalee, Tara Zadeh and so many more. 

Foje was founded in 2010 in Tehran by Fooziyeh Foroudnia. This semi-formal brand includes aesthetic pieces of clothing designed by founder and artist Fooziyeh. Each article of clothing is unique in its own way and is designed for the modern woman to take control of her life. She uses historic Iranian patterns and blends them with designs borrowed from nature to create a new, chic look for the clothing lines. Her aim is to mix olden traditions with modern fashion trends. Her clothing is a statement to the rising popularity of Iranian fashion in the world as she mixes bold clothing with subtle undertones of minimalism.

Geodie is a brand that was founded by Anette which predominantly makes handbags which are simple yet chic and can be incorporated in day-to-day use as well as can be combined with any formal outfit. These splendid bags can be used as an accessory to almost any type of clothing that one owns. As of now these bags are for sale only in Iran but are making their way into the UAE market as well. The most unique aspect of these bags is that the creator, Anette, does not use conventional materials to create them. She uses new material, which has never been used before, to create unique styles and textures, making her handbags truly noteworthy.

Artman is a wonderful Iranian-based shoe and accessory brand which is especially admired for its attention to detail in each and every product that is manufactured. One of the main creative designers is Amir Tahzibi. The creators have been inspired by Western Fashion and have tried to incorporate that with a subtle Iranian touch. The Iranian actress, Elham Korda, wore a pair of beautifully crafted Artman shoes to the 2018 film festival in Venice. There is a store in Iran which displays and sells these wonderfully crafted shoes and other than Elham Korda, many other actresses and famous personalities have been found wearing these shoes because their leather colour, heel shape and fit are absolutely par excellence.

Till now, Iranian  brands are still in their latency stage, but like most of the famous lifestyle brands around the world, they most definitely will grow and expand their horizons to become global lifestyle brands.

