United States of America-
America has always been an international fashion hub. New York in particular and USA in general has been a center for some of the world's most daring and exciting fashion trends. The New York fashion week is an inspiration to people everywhere who aspire to take up any field in the fashion industry. USA has been the center for many fashion brands including Nike, Victoria's Secret, Calvin Klein, Tommy Hilfiger and The North Face to name a few.

Among all these brands Nike, formerly known as Blue Ribbon Sports was founded in 1964 with the intention of manufacturing and selling sports footwear. The company changed its name to Nike on May 30th, 1971 after Nike- the Greek Goddess of victory. The tagline "Just Do It" and the Swoosh logo are one of the most famous around the world and people all over the globe are familiar with it. Nike has transformed for a company that made sports shoes to a multimillion dollar company which has products such as Nike Golf, Nike Pro, Nike+, Air Jordan, Nike Blazers, Air Force 1, Nike Dunk, Air Max, Foamposite, Nike Skateboarding, Nike CR7 and subsidiary brands like Brand Jordan and Converse. Now, Nike manufactures clothing such as leggings, sweatpants, crop tops, caps, bomber jackets, jeans, skirts, leg warmers and tracksuits all which have the legendary Nike logo. These clothes have received the status of being street chic and are worn by people all around the world. Along with this, Nike also specialises in shoes for each and every sport whether track, golf, basketball, football, ice hockey, skateboarding, cycling, volleyball, tennis, auto racing, athletic sports and even cheerleading. This brand figures into all aspects of a person's life and equips them with the appropriate footwear and clothing for all sports and all occasions which truly makes it one of the world's best lifestyle brands.

Another major fashion brand of the USA is Victoria's Secret which was founded in 1977 by Roy and Gaye Raymond. It was originally a luxury brand that manufactured lingerie for women and is widely known for their marketing as their models wear the prominent angel wings while on the runway. Each one of their products is beautifully sculpted to perfection and their wide range of bras and underwear is regarded as the pinnacle of lingerie for women worldwide. Along with lingerie the company also makes nightwear, sportswear such as sports bras, legging and yoga pants. Victoria's Secret also started their own beauty line in which they sell perfumes, body mists, creams and lotions, bath washes and scrubs. They also sell swimwear and accessories such as backpacks, tote bags, makeup bags and wallets. They have a line of clothing for women in which they manufacture t shirts, sweatshirts, hoodies, leggings and shorts. Now, there are over 1000 Victoria's Secret lingerie stores worldwide and over 100 independent beauty outlets. Internationally, the brand has ventured into Canada, the United Kingdoms, the Netherlands, India, Venezuela, Colombia, Puerto Rico, the Dominican Republic and Belgrade among many other countries. This international expansion along with the expansion of the brand's focus from simple lingerie to beauty, clothing, swimwear and accessories make it a true lifestyle brand as all the products are used and appreciated by women all over the world.

Calvin Klein was founded in 1968 by Calvin Klein and his childhood friend Barry K. Schwartz. The brand was founded to be a manufacturer of ready-to-wear as well as haute couture garments. It's first line ever was of youthful coats and dresses which was in a way the base for all its future collections as they all display a youthful and colourful approach which attracts people towards the apparel. As of today, Calvin Klein has many different collections such as its top end designer line, white label better sportswear line, Calvin Klein Jeans which is its designer denim wear line, Calvin Klein Home which sells home accessories such as towels, rugs and assorted accessories, Calvin Klein Golf collection which manufactures golf apparel. The company also has lines for underwear, watches, jewellery and fragrances. Calvin Klein began as a clothing line and transitioned into a global lifestyle brand which sells everything from rugs to jeans.


