Almost ever successful person begins with two beliefs-1)The future can be better than the present 2)I
have the power to make it so.. this in nutshell is Rupali Sawant for everyone! She was crowned Mrs.
India Empress of the Nation 2018. This raving beauty is model and role model in true sense for
women of today. She has a daughter of 11 years and not many people will dare to think of glamour
industry at this age. She choose this field and not only did justice but also excelled by grabbing
numerous titles like Mrs Body Beautiful, Mrs Glamorous etc. She firmly believes in continued
excellence and has got many feathers in her cap like being a Certified Zumba Instructor
,Choreographer, Groomer, Pageant Jury,Actress and Brand Ambassador of many renowned brands.
She is a role model for people who are jittery and think of age to be a factor before considering
various aspects in life. She feels where there is will, there is always a way.
She says that your life is in your hands, no matter where you are now, no matter what has happened
in your life, you can begin to consciously choose your thoughts and can change your life. Every single
circumstance of your life can change as you choose your thoughts consciously.
Today she is the most sensational name in Beauty Pageant Industry and Social Media. She follows
simple rule of karma and reflects that life is a boomerang, what you give is what you get. This
enchantress believes potential is not an endpoint, it’s rather the beginning of warranted success and
growth of you couple it with dreams and season it with vision! Keep learning and be hopeful as any
opportunity can come your way!

Achievement and Accolades
Rupali Sawant
#Iconic woman of the year 2020
#Brand Ambassador of commercial hair oil Sahasrara Pathma 2019
#Mrs.India Empress of the Nation 2018(Winner)
#Mrs.Maharashtra bful 2017
#Ceritifed Zumba Instructor2016
#Runway Model-walked as showstopper and show opener for renowned fashion weeks PTFW, INIFD,
IKFW,Times fashion week etc
#BrandAmbassador for renowned pageant companies
#Actor/model-did video album and commercial/corporate ads shoots
#Honoured with numerous state and national Awards for contributing to the field of entertainment and
fashion industry.
#Being honoured and invited as Celebrity and ChiefGuest for various Inauguration ceremony and
festival celebrations across Maharashtra
#Successfully accomplished being associated with more than 50 fashion n pageant events as
Jury,Choreographer and Groomer
