Born in a family where my father was an Air-Force officer, my mother suffered
with schizophrenia. I had an extremely challenging childhood. But I has born with
a desire to achieve and become the best version of myself, to gain acceptance
and receive love.
The challenges I had in my life, helped me to become more compassionate and
widen my horizon of thinking. I wanted to be a doctor and help others. But it was
impossible in the tragic circumstances, where I would get beaten blue-black
frequently and there was no one to take care of my basic need. Having received
assurances that I will get to study and rise in life, I got married to a wonderful
Merchant Navy Officer. But while he lived on the ship, I was treated like a maid
servant. It was impossible to study. I had dreamt of having a “normal” family all
my life, but eventually when my son was born, he had autism. At that time there
was no awareness about mental illness. I had to study and design my own
therapeutic modalities and teaching techniques. I had lost hope from all fronts
and I was bent upon helping my child. Eventually, he not only learnt to speak, but
with almost twenty years of therapy, unforgiving hard work and overcoming
tremendous emotional turmoil, he did his schooling and his graduation and post-
graduation from U.K. When he was about fifteen years old, he wanted to be like
Hrithik Roshan, who had a very muscular body. In the process of teaching him
weight training, I too started weight training and realised that I had a lot of talent
and potential in this subject. I went on to become one of the pioneering athletes
in women’s bodybuilding.
CHALLENGES: - Being one of the first few women from India, who represented
India on the international bodybuilding stage, was an unconventional move. India
was still an orthodox society. Eyebrows were raised not only because people
were not used to seeing muscular women, but also because wearing a bikini was
not perceived with respect.
Whereas the bikini is the most sacred dress as it reflects the epitome of sacrifice,
hard work and dedication. There is no scope for compromising in diet, workout
and practice, irrespective of the circumstances. To present muscles in a woman
with grace and dignity is incredible work.
Facing the societal challenges coupled with restrictions from home, the money
spent on travelling for competitions and all costs involved as well as the pressure
from the federation officials in those days was not easy. But this did help me to
learn a lot and get experience and exposure to competitions across the world.
ACHIEVEMENTS AND CURRENT PROFILE
I went on to represent India in many countries like Hong Kong, Italy, Spain, USA
and won medals in very prestigious competitions like the Arnold Classic, the

Amateur Olympia and several contests in the National Physique Committee in
USA. After winning my pro-card, I appeared for my examination and became the
first woman IFBB Pro League international Judge from Asia. Some of my
achievements are as follows.
• Fit ‘N’ Fab Gold’s Gym National.:- December 2011
• National Body lifting Championship Gold’s Medal 2011:- December 2011
• National Body lifting Championship Gold Medal 2012:- December 2012
• National Body lifting Championship Gold Medal 2013:- December 2013
• Silver Medal in Arnold Classic, Asia: - September 2016
• Silver Medal in Amateur Olympia, Asia: - April 2017
• NPC North East Summer Classic:-Open and Masters: - 1st Place in each:-
July 2015
• NPC Eastern Championship, Wayne, USA: - Open 2nd place, Masters: -
3rd place:- November 2015
• NPC Ft. Lauderdale Cup, Florida: - Gold medal: - October 2016
• NPC Eastern New Jersey: - Gold medal: - October 2015
• IFBB PRO FIGURE ATHLETE
• IFBB INTERNATIONAL JUDGE

1) Represented India in Arnold Classic in Barcelona:-October 2017.
2) Judged several contests like Miss India Fitness 2017:- September 2017
3) Six pack nutrition face-off and Boss Classic 2018:- January 2018
4) Represented India in Amateur Olympia in San Marino:- November 2017
5) Amateur Olympia Prague: - September 2015
6) Arnold Classic Madrid: - October 2016
7) Received Femina World Women Leadership Congress Awards:- February
2017
8) Judged Fitline Classic: - May 2018
9) Judged Mr Haryana: - March 2017

10) Judged Fitline Classic: - November 2015
11) Won Pro- card by winning overall championship in Sheru Classic 2018
12) Judged IFBB PRO LEAGUE CONTEST, GOA
13) Pursuing higher studies in Bharatnatyam from Tamil Nadu University
14) Performed Bharatnatyam recital in Pongal festival in State house, at the
Sahara Star Fitness and Health Superstar awards, 2019 and 2020 and several
other prestigious events.
15) Won second place in Bharatnatyam in a competition held in Tamil Nadu
State Bhawan 2019 and the first place in the very prestigious contest held on 5th
January 2020.

16) Conferred the title as “WORLD PEACE AMBASSADOR” by Sir Dr. Huz
,Wockhardt Foundation on behalf of ”The World Peacekeepers Movement.”
The title has been conferred based on my achievements and service to humanity
and my commitment to the cause of peace.
17) Writer in Fitness Guru
18) Columnist in Krunch Today
19) Judged several International IFBB PRO-LEAGUE shows.
20) Received Indian Achiever’s Award 2020 at the Constitution Club of India
for outstanding contributions in Women's Bodybuilding and Fitness from the
Member of Parliament and state President of the ruling party, as well as the
Mayor of Delhi.
21) Received the First Place in the Bharatnatyam Competition held at Tamil
Nadu Bhawan, New Delhi.
22) Judged “The Show” as the chief Judge and chief Guest which was an
event related to convergence of fashion and fitness.
23) Conferred the title of Honorary Doctorate by American University affiliated
to the United Nations University.
24) Topped the Tamil Nadu University in Bharatnatyam in the Annual
Examination held in 2019

25) Leading the panel of discussion in the World Women's Leadership
Congress on 17th February 2020 that will have a women achiever representing
different participating countries.
26) Writer bodyandstrength.com
27) Judge IFBB Pro Qualifier Chandigarh, March 2020
28) Listed first in the Forbes magazine on Women’s Day in 2020.
29) Given a talk on the “Role of Women in 21st century sports leadership” in a
Leadership Summit conducted by Aesthetics International.
Current and future Plans
As of now, I am continuing as an international Body Building Judge in the
International Federation of Body Building, Professional League. I am also
continuing my education in Bharatnatyam under the guidance of Guru Sudhana
Shankar in Tamil Nadu University as well as in Ganesh Natyalaya, where she
trains me under the guidance of Padma Bhushan Saroja Vaidyanathan.
I am working along with a very talented writer Paramjit Kaur, who is writing a
biography on my life to inspire women and give them strength and hope.
My goal, as a mother, is to settle down my son, who is an autistic adult so that he
can live, a happy and productive life with grace and dignity even after I leave.
Every endeavour of mine is directly or indirectly focussed on that and that is
where I surrender myself.
In years to come, I plan to speak about mental health and illness and be
instrumental in raising awareness in it, as well as working for the cause of making
provisions for safety, employment and dignity for people with special needs,
especially the ones who live in isolation, when they have no relatives.
I also wish to support the cause of women empowerment. I am grateful to the
United Nations Diplomatic Mission to have conferred me an honorary doctorate in
woman and child empowerment as that is essentially the very purpose of my life.
