Owner of HAUTE MANMZEL fashion brand, Youth Icon
Award Winner Roshni Kapoor can be considered as a
Fashion Queen. From being nominated in cinema Aaj Tak
and winning the title of " MOST STYLISH DIVA OF
INDIA" awarded by famous film director- SAAWAN
KUMAR TAK. She proves to her followers on how important it
is to be yourself, an honest message indeed.
She is the iconic winner of Women Entrepreneur
Award and also been awarded the title of The Role Model
Of The Year 2020. Roshni is the Brand Ambassador of
DERMA TOUCH INDIA ( hair &amp; skin laser treatment). She
has built up millions of substantial social media followers,
including over 1.1 million on Instagram &amp; 2 million
followers on HELO App.
Some of the other prestigious titles She's been awarded are
Gold awards 2019 By VNWC, Best Fashion Beauty,
Lifestyle Blogger award 2018 by Star Awards &amp;
Women achievement award by women TV 2018. She is
very often accompanied by INDIA'S FITNESS ICON
"SAHIL KHAN" as a celebrity guest to judge the beauty
pageant shows, as she is a prominent face of style and beauty.
The very hottest Roshni Kapoor is born in Srinagar, brought up
in Amritsar (Punjab) and currently residing in PUNE. She
marks her description as a motivational, fashionista and an

adorable personality. She offers articles and images on her
official site www.hautemanmzel.com to help her followers build
the perfect closet which includes her blog posts and beautiful
fashion photography.
Many of her posts are highly visual - showcasing the same
types of images usually shared on Instagram. This is
particularly relevant in her OOTD (Outfit of the Day) category.
She shares luscious photos of her day, detailing everything she
wears. She also provides links to where you can buy what you
like. Her followers apparently like to share her OOTD. There
are always plenty of comments from her fans giving her opinion
on the outfits.
The very stylish and glamorous, Roshni Kapoor who is
currently preparing for her Bollywood debut is also a successful
Model. She has worked in many Ad films with famous
personalities like Sudha Chandran and Milind Gunaji.
We are soon gonna see her in a famous brand Ad of Ayur
lite ( hair oil &amp; skin capsules). Excited to know!
Roshni Kapoor is incredibly proud of herself being self-
independent. Roshni says - "Nothing feels special than
being self-reliant so royally and becoming admirable
personality." Although Roshni Kapoor belonged to a well off
family, her mother was a lawyer and her father a businessman.
At a very young age, she lost both the parents and since then
she did all on her own. She has gained all her respect and
position with her hard work and succeeded. That's what makes
her stand out of rest.

Roshni shares with us that she believes in " law of attraction".
So whenever she spotted a Jaguar on roads she would say - "
Baby, you are coming to me soon." Last year on her
birthday she made her dream come true and gifted herself
"JAGUAR" as a birthday present celebrating the independent
blooming life And later spent a beautiful vacation in Mauritius.
Now That's what called is self-love.
Meanwhile, in lockdown, Kapoor has launched a " ROSHNI
KAPOOR OFFICIAL APP" available for Android/ IOS. It is
the ultimate moment for her followers to bond. And an easier
way for her fans to connect with her.
Her diversified dressing styles has given many of her follower's
ample amounts of ideas to put on in the day to day fashion. The
end result of mixing such diverse dressing styles was FUSION.
Right from semi-formal, jeans, co-ords, highly elegant dresses
paring dressing with jewellery. The trend to put jewellery with
semi-traditional clothes never goes out of trend and that adds
more style in your life.
Roshni Kapoor never takes casual dressing
casually!

Roshni Kapoor is a lady of sheer style and great knowledge of
fashion trends which makes her stand out of the rest. She has
the correct sense of mixing sensual and classy dresses and bold
yet eye-catchy looks. Her idea of clothing embraces human
comfort under her choice of clothes.
Making sure you guys always have your fingers on that fashion
pulse, without the hours of searching. Kapoor says, "The love

and adulation from all my fans is the energy that keeps me
going and it helps me strive higher. First and foremost I'd thank
my followers for showering their love on me and my work. I
promise to not let them down."
Roshni Kapoor being asked about what satisfaction she receives
being a fashion- insta. She says "The greatest satisfaction is
that it gives you an identity of your own in the domain you are.
People know you, your fashion sense and appreciate it.
Appreciation and love of your followers are all you need!!"
Apart from this, She is the Brand Ambassador of NGO Radha
Foundation supporting their campaign #WeWithHer which is
an initiative for women empowerment. She's a proud member
of 10 Up Pune which is an initiative towards Spreading
happiness in small gestures.
