Allen Solly was founded in 1744 by William Hollin and Co Ltd.
The brand was bought in 1993 by Madura Garments
headquartered at Bangalore, India. Madura Garments was a
part of Madura Coats and a big producer of threads. Aditya
Birla Group acquired Allen Solly in 2001.
It is an initiative of Madura Fashion; a Lifestyle division of
Aditya Birla Fashion and Lifestyle is India's largest and fastest-
growing branded apparel companies and premium lifestyle
player in the retail sector. The company's brand portfolio
includes product lines that range from affordable and mass-
marketer to luxurious, high-end style and cater to every age
group, from children and youth to men and women. Madura
Fashion ans Lifestyle is defined by its brands - Louis Philippe, Van
Heusen, Peter England - that personify style, attitude, luxury
and comfort.
In 2002, Allen Solly became the first Indian brand to
introduce work fashion for women. It started as they
identified the demand for different sizes of trousers for women
and so they launched their exclusive women wear and it was
well accepted by the target group. Solly Jeans Company was
launched in 2014; Solly Sport was introduced as a tennis-
inspired lifestyle sports brand.
Allen Solly conceptualized a blockbuster idea of - Friday Dressing; 
and launched office apparel in coloured
shirt and khaki trousers which became so popular. Allen Solly
was first to realise the need for casual workwear for young
professionals. It netted the imagination of youth and
professionals equally giving them a chance to mark a fashion
statement at work. The new wave using unconventional shades
of beige and tan fabrics like khaki in shirts and trousers was a
hit trend by the brand. This new trend created by the brand was
marked by a tagline of - ; My world, My way'. This was the time 
when workplace formals were clouded with greys and whites.... 
we couldn't stand it. So we decided to shake things up, and add
a little colour and not apologize for it.
--- Allen Solly, THE GROWTH STORY
Allen Solly follows a unique model of brand growth. The
apparels can be located in Malls as well as Retail Stores. The
brand, at present, has 207 exclusive stores across India and also
further plans of International Expansion; the number is going
to increase very soon. In the last fiscal, its revenue mounted at
INR 600 crore. The company has been growing aggressively at
a CAGR of 34%. The flawless branding and the remarkable 
apparels are what attract most consumers to the retail outlets 
of Allen Solly. With the rise of E-commerce, consumers will also 
find Allen Solly apparels being sold online in massive numbers.
MARKETING STRATEGIES
Special privileges are given to My Solly members, which are:
● Get an enrollment discount.
● Special  day gifts and bonuses.
● Exclusive preview to sales.
● Getting invited to coffee mornings.
● Attend specially hosted Allen Solly Events by invitations.
● Free garments pick and drop facilities.
REPOSITIONING OF BRAND
Allen Solly went for a repositioning exercise for the brand
because of the change in the demographics of the target
segment. The brand wanted to be more relevant to the new
working class. Also, the brand wanted to attract consumers
beyond workwear. So it positioned the brand from workwear to
a Fashion Brand. The brand positioned itself as a Casual.
LATEST STRATEGY in times of COVID-19
Allen Solly, have started creating designer and matching masks
with shirts as covering one's face becomes the new normal
during the COVID-19 pandemic. Available between Rs.100 and
Rs. 500 in single as well as combo packs, these masks come in a
variety of prints and designs, giving customers options to match
them with their outfit. As the fashion and apparel industry are
among the worst hit, hence Allen Solly is being innovative here.
Over the years, Allen Solly has revolutionized the lifestyle of
professionals with New Age Work Wear Collection. With their
new collection and campaign, Allen Solly sets new benchmarks
for office wear fashion. It gives young men a chance to make a
fashion statement at work not just with shirts but also with a
range of stylish and functional trousers.
