Barbeque Nation, the place that has made a name for itself by the
virtue of the unlimited food &amp; service it offers at a very good price.
Barbeque Nation is an Indian restaurant chain headquartered in
Bengaluru, Karnataka.
Barbeque Nation's tagline of "The World On A Grill" is best
epitomised by their philosophy, decor and of course their food. They are
the pioneers in allowing diners to grill their own starters on their table,
which of course adds to the novelty value of Barbeque Nation.
This exact story belongs to Mr. Prosenjit Roy Choudhary (manager at
Sayaji hotel) a man whose idea created one of the largest food brand in
India - Barbeque Nation. Kayum Dhanani, owns the Barbeque
Nation now, was never the real owner of the brand.
The story goes back to 2006 when his brother Sajid Dhanani, who ran
the well-known Sayaji Hotels in Indore, once came across customers
complaining of cold appetizers, during winters. He thought of
experimenting, by bringing live grill on the customer's table. They
erected a grill using stacked armour, and roasted meat on it. Choudhury
began serving kebabs, which were partially cooked &amp; then on mini-grills
at the tables. It was a hit. Which gave them this unique idea of taking this
concept out of hotel and expand it as an individual restaurant.
Founded in 2006 in India, Barbeque Nation has over 102 outlets across
major cities and towns in the country. Apart from the growth in India,
the company is also planning to open restaurants overseas, in Malaysia,
the Middle East and Sri Lanka.
The most leading casual dining chains in India which pioneered the
concept of " over the table barbeque live grills embedded in
dinning table" - allowing guests to grill their own barbeque's right at
their tables.
Here, Customers pay a flat price (between Rs 650 and Rs 800 per head,
depending on location and time), get a choice of five vegetarian and five
non-vegetarian starters that they can season and cook on the grill at their

table, move to the main course buffet, and eat as much as they want with
delicious desert.
It's simple people wished to taste good food. While India has always been
a food loving country. It became the cultural trends that the brand was
able to tap were that people were willing to pay for experiences more
than the food itself.
leveraged on the entire dining experience - from the rustic look of the
outlets with wood and the open-brick wall surface to the live grill under
the table - where customers experienced the countryside in the
confinement of the city. It now has the attention of the majority and is,
therefore, able to cross the chasm.
Barbeque Nation is not just a restaurant rather it is a food journey, which
takes you through so many different flavours of Asian, Oriental,
Mediterranean and even American as you enjoy the pleasure of grilling
your own food with the humongous assortment of dips and sauces and
which is guaranteed to give you a food coma, for sure.
The moment you walk in the Barbeque Nation one feels as if it's their
friend's home.So, it has actually become another home where the
customer is having a great time. As u enjoy the way you want to come,
eat at your pace, sit where you want to, whatever you want to and they
will make it so comfortable for you. If the customer doesn't like food they
can call the chef and say they didn't like their food today and he will
make food especially for them. So, there is no inhibition for a customer.
It's like we demand it and they deliver it.
Food has always been something that Indians have bonded over. One
fact about Indian food culture is that it is elaborative and expansive. The
sizzle of the grills livens up the whole atmosphere and gives diners a
comfortable and cosy experience to Indian food lovers.
Barbeque Nation very often puts up its advertisement on digital
platforms. With campaigns around the latest trends like movie launches,
celebrations and special days. For instances, they came up with special
offers on International Women's Day along with creatives using

#GangOfGirls. Not just this, they are always trying to bring best service
and satisfaction to their customers by offering privileges on Zomato Gold
membership.
No matter what foods you crave on the daily, in the world we live in
today, it's clear that food is more than just a tasty treat. Rather, it's a
lifestyle and means of self-expression in the world of fashion.
