An elegant handbag will always elevate your appearance by a notch!
by aditi pandey
Despite its wholly Italian sounding name Da Milano is a totally
Indian brand. Established in 1989, Da Milano was founded by the
father of Sahil Malik. Started up with just one store in the market
of Delhi, the brand prides itself in running 82 stores spread across
20 cities in India, as well as branches in Nepal and Dubai.
Da Milano has become the international brand of choice for
consumers looking to buy high-quality and affordable products in
the premium luxury space.The brand offers an array of leather
products-from handbags, portfolio and travel bags to wallets,
accessories and home essentials.
Sahil Malik, after finishing his fashion designing in NIFT, he joined
his family business in 2000. He decided to establish a chain of
stores offering leather accessories at the time when Indian retail
market was revolutionizing. With a vision to become a global
leader in the luxury space as an accessories brand that carried a
distinct Italian touch.
The Strategy - Sahil Malik Da Milano
Leather was chosen as the brand's signature material because it is
elegant, durable and long-lasting, qualities that the brand in itself
stands for. They import the best-quality leather from Italy and
from a tannery in Chennai for Da Milano products. When asked
about fashion in the world of leather accessories, Malik says,
"India has always been focused on colors and patterns. There was
no western touch. I felt good demand for designer accessories and
aesthetics." So, he focused on marketing of the brand and

designing. The company started as a freelancer with Italian
designers, before establishing its official studio. They have
ensured designs which comply with international standards. When
it comes to planning, all the designers worked 6 months earlier.
Currently, Da Milano is one of the top fashion brands. He says, "I
visit my stores every third day, talk to customers, and get their
feedback. It gives us an idea where we are lacking and what sizes
and styles, demands, patterns, trends, and colors customers need
and we tweak and launch a new collection accordingly."
Couture every season. It is the most successful luxury heritage
brand of India, a leading high end leather brand. Da Milano's latest
collection features an exquisite range of multiple accessories
including handbags, laptop bags, wallets, belts, luggage and more
crafted in superior quality leather and rich hues &amp; textures to suit
varied preferences of consumers. The styles are classic yet trendy
with multi-pockets, durable fittings and seamless finishing
The brand launches products in various categories every two
weeks to keep up with the changing trends, introducing new
innovations in accessory design with each range. Shivani said that
the concept behind this fortnightly model has to do with creating
more choices for buyers. Every time someone walks into a Da
Milano store, they should find something new to buy.
All TIME BEST COLLECTION
Da Milano : Festive gifting collection
Da Milano, a luxury leather accessory brand unveils its latest
collection of gift hampers for the festive season. The collection
offers a wide range of gifting options for women for different
occasions. The hampers include a variety of options to choose

from such as, handbags, wallets, lipstick case, card case, vanity
box, jewelry pouch etc.
Wooba: for young &amp; trendy
Wooba is a simplistic versatile approach to revolutionize travel.
The range is known for its precision, durability, lightweight &amp;
performance. Like Da Milano, Wooba has a "California" aesthetic
and stocks bags for both men and women. The recently launched
Wooba is described by the company as a contemporary leather
accessories brand that appeals to the budget customer.
Waooba travel trolley
Agile, buoyant and lightweight go synonymously with the exquisite
range of Wooba travel accessories. Each product is crafted to give
a contemporary spin to the regular travel gear, experimenting
with the extremely durable canvas paired with leather trims on
the edges.
SPRING SUMMER'20 COLLECTION
"Taking strong, independent, getting things done kinda woman as
muse - this season's collection is a mix of opposites - masculine
and feminine, sophisticated and dishevelled - which together
creates 'chic' in its purest form." - official Da Milano
The beauty of our Spring Summer 2020 collection is in the details,
the bags can make your lives a lot easier. Each piece in the
collection feels statement-making and evokes a kind of soft power
with expert cuts, luxe materials and an Uber-cool aesthetic.
