Carving a niche for himself in world of fashion, Sabyasachi Mukherjee is
one of the Associate Designer Members of Fashion Design Council of
India. Owning a very well loved brand he is India's top bridalwear
designer and ace couturier.
At the end of the day, fashion is art and art is an expression. There is no
difference in an impressionistic painting and a cloth so beautifully
created. They both inspire and evoke emotion. This stance towards a
more modern blouse, in this progressive era, advocates for women
freedom, women aspiration and women achievement.
Sabyasachi creates a potent and timeless image with his new collection.
DECODING SABHYASACHI SUMMER 2020 COLLECTION

As the Sabhyasachi dropped its summer collection it's called as " THE
NEO-BOHEMIAN". The Neo-Bohemian comprises choli-style blouses
paired with elegant lehenga skirts, vintage-inspired anarkali-style kurta
sets, khadi sarris with clashing prints and patterns and relaxed sharara
sets.

From the luxurious jewelry, boho print, patch work in fresh nomadic vibe,
plunging necklines and dark smokey eye look, this collection is what
dreams are made of. Who says you can't put on dark color in summers?
This collection is going to make you over your thoughts.
No wonder, from Deepika Padukone to Anushka Sharma, all modern-
day superstars wore Sabya for their special day. So if you've set a date
to tie the knot in the summer of 2020 and have the budget, Sabyasachi
must be on the top of your designer wedding couture wishlist.

The collection highlights the ability of the designer to create vibrant,
saturated colourful bohemian prints and the fresh summer vibe. So let us
take you the different lines of the collection.

HERITAGE SUMMER WEDDING COLLECTION

Don't worry, you gorgeous to-be brides!

Sabyasachi's massive Summer 2020 collection is here and we've put the
pieces together. Check it out:
Bride today has multiple options to choose from silk and amongst best
embroidered material. But this bohemian styled lehnga is going to make
your heart beat faster.

With rich gold variation and multi colored stripes along with the net
dupatta with gold gotta makes it too much gorgeous. The look is inspired
from Royal palaces, which is beyond and above the traditional lehnga.

Rolling out to be a perfect boho bridal lehnga.

BRING ON THE BLING WITH SEQUIN SAREES
Sabyasachi's new collection has many such sequin sarees that look
light, fashionable, colourful and unique. What we also love about them is
that despite being so blingy, pairing them up with jewels does not make
you look overdressed; it only adds to the glam!

THE NEO TRADITIONAL: MEHNDI DRESS

Moving ahead from the sequins work sarees, the collection has the more
refined and simpler sarees ideal for mehendi ceremonies. For the
Mehendi function, you want something light and breezy that helps you
feel free and gives you enough room to move and swing. Created in
Georgette, these sarees are adorned with lightly embroidered borders
and tiny patchwork all over which makes it perfect for mehndi.

Looks like the designer is becoming more and more everyday-fashion
friendly. It is a win-win for us.

MODERN RECEPTION: THE GLORIOUS BRIDE

Meet the idea of what reception functions should look like in the modern-
day. A blend of florals and sequins on both light and dark colours, this
collection boasts a range of cloth material like organza, georgette, silk,
etc. Paired best with the latest Sabyasachi accessories collection.

SABHYASACHI ACCESSORIES

To give reagal touch to the absolute elegant clothing Sabhyasachi
has super beautiful accessories to pair up with. The signature
sabhysachi nani bucket leather bags inspired from rajasthan work is
also on the classy list of brides. Take a look here.
